is my first video I'm gonna be teaching
you about how to have a more blood cheat
on GWT for you PSP monster hunter
freedom unite I found blood sheets and
more blood sheet extreme and stuff by
like roofing and people like that but I
was looking for I just wasn't really
satisfied with that so I just tried to
make man cheats and and as you can see I
made manifest run cheat I have this on
how the song in the description
all right well here's the normal more
blood sheet
so I mean you can't tell a difference
but there is more blood there
I mean it's not like a significant
amount but it's noticeable so there's
more blood and then a chi I found from
roof in a more blood cheat extreme
that's pretty that's pretty intense
right that I like that sheet and then I
felt around with the numbers and I made
my own blood sheet more extreme it's
just not even right i mean that's just
way too much blood right there then i
made a more blood she'd insane yeah yeah
too much you know so there's that one
and then more blood sheet epic which is
pretty much just a huge cloud of blood
it doesn't even look right
well yes thanks for watching hopefully
I'll bring in more cheats I'll try to
work on some new ones and thanks for
watching